# ADSP -from nx563j stock 9.0 firmware
vendor/bin/adsprpcd
vendor/lib/libadsp_default_listener.so
vendor/lib/libadsp_hvx_callback_skel.so
vendor/lib/libadsp_hvx_stub.so
vendor/lib/libadsprpc.so
vendor/lib/libfastcvadsp_stub.so
vendor/lib/libfastcvopt.so
vendor/lib64/libadsp_default_listener.so
vendor/lib64/libadsprpc.so

# ADSP modules -from nx563j stock 9.0 firmware
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libadsp_fd_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libadsp_hvx_add_constant.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libadsp_hvx_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libapps_mem_heap.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libdspCV_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libfastcvadsp_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libfastcvadsp.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libFastRPC_AUE_Forward_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libFastRPC_UTF_Forward_Qtc2_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libFastRPC_UTF_Forward_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libscveBlobDescriptor_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libscveT2T_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libsns_low_lat_stream_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libvpp_frc.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libvpp_svc_skel.so

# Audio -from nx563j stock 9.0 firmware
vendor/lib/libacdb-fts.so
vendor/lib/libacdbloader.so
vendor/lib/libacdbrtac.so
vendor/lib/libadiertac.so
vendor/lib/libadm.so
vendor/lib/libaudcal.so
vendor/lib/libqtigef.so
vendor/lib/soundfx/libasphere.so
vendor/lib/soundfx/libqcbassboost.so
vendor/lib/soundfx/libqcreverb.so
vendor/lib/soundfx/libqcvirt.so

# Audio ACDB -from nx563j stock 9.0 firmware
vendor/etc/acdbdata/MTP/MTP_Bluetooth_cal.acdb
vendor/etc/acdbdata/MTP/MTP_General_cal.acdb
vendor/etc/acdbdata/MTP/MTP_Global_cal.acdb
vendor/etc/acdbdata/MTP/MTP_Handset_cal.acdb
vendor/etc/acdbdata/MTP/MTP_Hdmi_cal.acdb
vendor/etc/acdbdata/MTP/MTP_Headset_cal.acdb
vendor/etc/acdbdata/MTP/MTP_Speaker_cal.acdb

# Camera firmware -from nx563j stock 9.0 firmware
vendor/firmware/cpp_firmware_v1_10_0.fw
vendor/firmware/cpp_firmware_v1_1_1.fw
vendor/firmware/cpp_firmware_v1_12_0.fw
vendor/firmware/cpp_firmware_v1_1_6.fw
vendor/firmware/cpp_firmware_v1_2_0.fw
vendor/firmware/cpp_firmware_v1_4_0.fw
vendor/firmware/cpp_firmware_v1_5_0.fw
vendor/firmware/cpp_firmware_v1_5_1.fw
vendor/firmware/cpp_firmware_v1_5_2.fw
vendor/firmware/cpp_firmware_v1_6_0.fw
vendor/firmware/cpp_firmware_v1_8_0.fw

# Charger -from nx563j stock 9.0 firmware
vendor/bin/hvdcp_opti

# DRM and SEE -from nx563j stock 9.0 firmware
vendor/bin/qseecomd
vendor/lib64/libdrmfs.so
vendor/lib64/libdrmtime.so
vendor/lib64/libGPreqcancel_svc.so
vendor/lib64/libGPreqcancel.so
vendor/lib64/libQSEEComAPI.so
vendor/lib64/librpmb.so
vendor/lib64/libspl.so
vendor/lib64/libssd.so

# Gatekeeper -from nx563j stock 9.0 firmware
vendor/lib/hw/gatekeeper.msm8998.so
vendor/lib64/hw/gatekeeper.msm8998.so

# Graphics -from nx563j stock 9.0 firmware
vendor/lib/egl/eglSubDriverAndroid.so
vendor/lib/egl/libEGL_adreno.so
vendor/lib/egl/libGLESv1_CM_adreno.so
vendor/lib/egl/libGLESv2_adreno.so
vendor/lib/egl/libq3dtools_adreno.so
vendor/lib/egl/libq3dtools_esx.so
vendor/lib/egl/libQTapGLES.so
vendor/lib/hw/vulkan.msm8998.so
vendor/lib/libadreno_utils.so
vendor/lib/libbccQTI.so
vendor/lib/libC2D2.so
vendor/lib/libc2d30_bltlib.so
vendor/lib/libCB.so
vendor/lib/libgsl.so
vendor/lib/libllvm-glnext.so
vendor/lib/libllvm-qcom.so
vendor/lib/libOpenCL.so
vendor/lib/librs_adreno_sha1.so
vendor/lib/librs_adreno.so
vendor/lib/libRSDriver_adreno.so
vendor/lib64/egl/eglSubDriverAndroid.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libEGL_adreno.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libGLESv1_CM_adreno.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libGLESv2_adreno.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libq3dtools_adreno.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libq3dtools_esx.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libQTapGLES.so
vendor/lib64/hw/vulkan.msm8998.so
vendor/lib64/libadreno_utils.so
vendor/lib64/libbccQTI.so
vendor/lib64/libC2D2.so
vendor/lib64/libc2d30_bltlib.so
vendor/lib64/libCB.so
vendor/lib64/libgsl.so
vendor/lib64/libllvm-glnext.so
vendor/lib64/libllvm-qcom.so
vendor/lib64/libOpenCL.so
vendor/lib64/librs_adreno_sha1.so
vendor/lib64/librs_adreno.so
vendor/lib64/libRSDriver_adreno.so

# Graphics - DRM -from nx563j stock 9.0 firmware
vendor/lib/libsdedrm.so
vendor/lib64/libsdedrm.so

# Graphics - HDR -from nx563j stock 9.0 firmware
vendor/lib/libhdr_tm.so
vendor/lib64/libhdr_tm.so

# Graphics firmware -from nx563j stock 9.0 firmware
vendor/firmware/a530_gpmu.fw2
vendor/firmware/a530_pfp.fw
vendor/firmware/a530_pm4.fw
vendor/firmware/a530v1_pfp.fw
vendor/firmware/a530v1_pm4.fw
vendor/firmware/a530v2_seq.fw2
vendor/firmware/a530v3_gpmu.fw2
vendor/firmware/a530v3_seq.fw2
vendor/firmware/a530_zap.b00
vendor/firmware/a530_zap.b01
vendor/firmware/a530_zap.b02
vendor/firmware/a530_zap.elf
vendor/firmware/a530_zap.mdt
vendor/firmware/a540_gpmu.fw2
vendor/firmware/a540_zap.b00
vendor/firmware/a540_zap.b01
vendor/firmware/a540_zap.b02
vendor/firmware/a540_zap.elf
vendor/firmware/a540_zap.mdt

# IPA -from nx563j stock 9.0 firmware
vendor/firmware/ipa_fws.b00
vendor/firmware/ipa_fws.b01
vendor/firmware/ipa_fws.b02
vendor/firmware/ipa_fws.b03
vendor/firmware/ipa_fws.b04
vendor/firmware/ipa_fws.elf
vendor/firmware/ipa_fws.mdt

# IRQ balance -from nx563j stock 9.0 firmware
vendor/bin/msm_irqbalance
vendor/bin/energy-awareness

# Keystore -from nx563j stock 9.0 firmware
vendor/lib/hw/keystore.msm8998.so
vendor/lib64/hw/keystore.msm8998.so
vendor/lib64/libkeymasterdeviceutils.so
vendor/lib64/libkeymasterprovision.so
vendor/lib64/libkeymasterutils.so

# Listen -from nx563j stock 9.0 firmware
vendor/lib/hw/sound_trigger.primary.msm8998.so
vendor/lib/libsmwrapper.so

# Perf -from nx563j stock 9.0 firmware
lib/vendor.qti.hardware.perf@1.0.so:vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.perf@1.0.so
lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.perf@1.0.so:vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.perf@1.0.so
lib/libqti_performance.so:vendor/lib/libqti_performance.so
lib/libqti-perfd-client_system.so:vendor/lib/libqti-perfd-client_system.so
lib64/libqti_performance.so:vendor/lib64/libqti_performance.so
lib64/libqti-perfd-client_system.so:vendor/lib64/libqti-perfd-client_system.so
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.perf@1.0-service
vendor/etc/init/vendor.qti.hardware.perf@1.0-service.rc
vendor/etc/perf/commonresourceconfigs.xml
vendor/etc/perf/perfboostsconfig.xml
vendor/etc/perf/perf-profile0.conf
vendor/etc/perf/perf-profile1.conf
vendor/etc/perf/perf-profile2.conf
vendor/etc/perf/perf-profile3.conf
vendor/etc/perf/perf-profile4.conf
vendor/etc/perf/perf-profile5.conf
vendor/etc/perf/perf-profile6.conf
vendor/etc/perf/targetconfig.xml
vendor/etc/perf/targetresourceconfigs.xml
vendor/etc/powerhint.xml
vendor/lib/libperfgluelayer.so
vendor/lib/libqti-perfd-client.so
vendor/lib/libqti-perfd.so
vendor/lib/libqti-util.so
vendor/lib/libqti-utils.so
vendor/lib64/libperfgluelayer.so
vendor/lib64/libqti-perfd-client.so
vendor/lib64/libqti-perfd.so
vendor/lib64/libqti-util.so
vendor/lib64/libqti-utils.so

# Sensors -from nx563j stock 9.0 firmware
vendor/etc/sensors/hals.conf
vendor/bin/sensors.qti
vendor/lib/libsensor1.so
vendor/lib64/libsensor1.so
vendor/lib64/sensors.oem.so
vendor/lib/hw/activity_recognition.msm8998.so
vendor/lib/libsdsprpc.so
vendor/lib/libsensor_reg.so
vendor/lib/libsns_low_lat_stream_stub.so
vendor/lib/sensors.ssc.so
vendor/lib64/hw/activity_recognition.msm8998.so
vendor/lib64/libsdsprpc.so
vendor/lib64/libsensor1.so
vendor/lib64/libsensor_reg.so
vendor/lib64/libsensor1.so
vendor/lib64/libsns_low_lat_stream_stub.so
vendor/lib64/sensors.ssc.so

# Thermal -from nx563j stock 9.0 firmware
vendor/etc/thermal-engine.conf
vendor/bin/thermal-engine
-vendor/lib/libthermalclient.so
-vendor/lib64/libthermalclient.so
vendor/lib64/libthermalioctl.so

# Widevine -from nx563j stock 9.0 firmware
vendor/lib/mediadrm/libwvdrmengine.so
